Added both reporting articles (#5580)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/reporting-api/index.md

authors:
  - maudn
date: 2021-06-14
updated: 2021-06-14
description: |
  Use the Reporting API to monitor your site and get security reports, deprecation reports, and more.
hero: image/O2RNUyVSLubjvENAT3e7JSdqSOx1/PEgnzZFQVPhP2PyOnMm8.jpg
alt: |
  A person looking into a scope, symbolizing monitoring and observation via the Reporting API.
tags:
  - blog # blog is a required tag for the article to show up in the blog.
  - monitoring
  - security
---

{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %} This is an API guide with detailed usage examples for the
**Reporting API (v1)**, which uses the `Reporting-Endpoints` header. If you're already
using the legacy Reporting API with the `Report-To` header and need to migrate to the new
version (v1), head over to the [migration post](/reporting-api-migration) instead. {%
endBanner %}

Some errors only occur in production. You never see them locally or during development
because **real users**, **real networks**, and **real devices** change the game. The
Reporting API helps catch some of these errors across your site and transmit them to an
endpoint you've specified.

This API enables you to activate a reporting mechanism that's **operated by the browser**.

> When the Reporting API configured on your site, **reports can be generated** when certain
> policies are violated (or when deprecated APIs are used, when the browser intervenes on
> your site or crashes, and more). The browser then sends those report(s) to the
> **endpoint(s) i.e. report collectors** you've configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Reporting API is configured on your site, **reports can be generated** when certain
policies are violated (or when deprecated APIs are used, when the browser intervenes on
your site or crashes, and more). The browser then sends those report(s) to the
**endpoint(s)**, that is report collectors, you've configured.
```

Setting up the Reporting API gives you peace of mind that when users experience these
types of unforeseen errors, you'll be aware and able to fix them if needed. ✨

```http
  Reporting-Endpoints: main-endpoint="https://reports.example/main", default="https://reports.example/default"
  Content-Security-Policy: script-src 'self'; object-src 'none'; report-to main-endpoint;
```

This post covers what this API can do, how it works, and how you can use it.

Let's dive in!

## Demo and code

> {% Banner 'info', 'body' %}
> 
> 💥 [Demo site: report generation page](https://reporting-api-demo.glitch.me). This page
> uses the new Reporting API via the `Reporting-Endpoints` header. See the
> [code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reporting-api-demo).
> 
> 📬 [Demo site: reporting endpoint](https://reports-endpoint.glitch.me). This server
> receives and displays reports. See the
> [code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint).
> 
> {% endBanner %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

💥 [Demo site: report generation page](https://reporting-api-demo.glitch.me). This page
uses the new Reporting API via the `Reporting-Endpoints` header. See the
[code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reporting-api-demo).

📬 [Demo site: reporting endpoint](https://reports-endpoint.glitch.me). This server
receives and displays reports. See the
[code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint).

```

Reviewer: Removing the banner for readability here too. I'm torn about the emoji, they are whimsical but for screen readers it's just clutter. It reads as "Explosion demo site..." and more jarringly, "Open letterbox with raised flag demo site..."

## Use cases and report types

{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %}

[Network Error Logging](https://w3c.github.io/network-error-logging/) isn't listed because it isn't supported in the new version of
the API. Check the [migration guide](/reporting-api-migration/#network-error-logging) for details.

{% endBanner %}

> <div class="w-table-wrapper">
>   <table>
>     <thead>
>       <tr>
>         <th>Report type</th>
>         <th>Example of a situation where a report would be generated</th>
>       </tr>
>     </thead>
>     <tbody>
>       <tr>
>         <td><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP">CSP</a> violation (Level 3 only)</td>
>         <td>You've set a Content-Security-Policy on your site, but one of your pages is trying to load a script that's not allowed by your CSP.</td>
>       </tr>
>       <tr>
>         <td><a href="https://web.dev/why-coop-coep/#coop">COOP</a> violation</td>
>         <td>You've set a Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy on your site, but a cross-origin window is trying to interact directly with your document.</td>
>       </tr>
>       <tr>
>         <td><a href="https://web.dev/why-coop-coep/#coep">COEP</a> violation</td>
>         <td>You've set a Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy on your site, but a page on your site includes a cross-origin iframe that has not opted into being loaded by cross-origin documents.</td>
>       </tr>
>       <tr>
>         <td>Document Policy violation</td>
>         <td>Your site has a document policy that prevents usage of <code>document.write</code>, but a script on your page tries to use <code>document.write</code>.</td>
>       </tr>
>       <tr>
>         <td>Deprecation warning</td>
>         <td>Your site is using an API that is deprecated, directly or via a top-level third-party script.
>         </td>
>       </tr>
>       <tr>
>         <td>Intervention</td>
>         <td>Your site is trying to do something that the browser decides not to honor, for security, performance or user experience reasons. Example in Chrome: your site uses <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/08/removing-document-write"><code>document.write</code> on slow networks</a> or uses <code>navigator.vibrate</code> in a cross-origin frame that the user hasn't interacted with yet.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="w-table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Report type</th>
        <th>Example of a situation where a report would be generated</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP">CSP</a> violation (Level 3 only)</td>
        <td>You've set a <code>Content-Security-Policy</code> on your site, but one of your pages is trying to load a script that's not allowed by your CSP.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="/why-coop-coep/#coop">COOP</a> violation</td>
        <td>You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy</code> on your site, but a cross-origin window is trying to interact directly with your document.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="/why-coop-coep/#coep">COEP</a> violation</td>
        <td>You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy</code> on your site, but a page on your site includes a cross-origin iframe that has not opted into being loaded by cross-origin documents.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Document Policy violation</td>
        <td>Your site has a document policy that prevents usage of <code>document.write</code>, but a script on your page tries to use <code>document.write</code>.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Deprecation warning</td>
        <td>Your site is using an API that is deprecated, directly or via a top-level third-party script.
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Intervention</td>
        <td>Your site is trying to do something that the browser decides not to honor, for security, performance or user experience reasons. Example in Chrome: your site uses <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/08/removing-document-write"><code>document.write</code> on slow networks</a> or uses <code>navigator.vibrate</code> in a cross-origin frame that the user hasn't interacted with yet.</td>
```

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Crash</td>
        <td>The browser crashes while your site is open.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

{% Aside %}
**[Permissions
policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Feature-Policy)
(formerly feature policy)** violation reports may be supported by default in the future.

> Right now, they're experimental. One example situation where such reports would be
> generated: if your site has a permission policy to prevent microphone usage, and a
> script is requesting audio input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, they're experimental. One example situation where such reports would be
generated is if your site has a permission policy to prevent microphone usage, and a
script is requesting audio input.
```

{% endAside %}

## How it works

<figure class="w-figure">
{% Img src="image/O2RNUyVSLubjvENAT3e7JSdqSOx1/RgiT3KRy6w99wG1cAhha.png", alt="Diagram summarizing the steps below, from report generation to report access by the developer", width="800", height="240" %}
  <figcaption class="w-figcaption">

>     Diagram: how reports are generated and sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    How reports are generated and sent.
```

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><code>user_agent</code></td>
        <td>User-Agent header of the request from which the report was generated.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

{% Details %}

{% DetailsSummary 'h4' %}

Example list of reports

{% endDetailsSummary %}

```json
[
  {
    "age": 420,
    "body": {
      "columnNumber": 12,
      "disposition": "enforce",
      "lineNumber": 11,
      "message": "Document policy violation: document-write is not allowed in this document.",
      "policyId": "document-write",
      "sourceFile": "https://site.example/script.js"
    },
    "type": "document-policy-violation",
    "url": "https://site.example/",
    "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0... Chrome/92.0.4504.0"
  },
  {
    "age": 510,
    "body": {
      "blockedURL": "https://site.example/img.jpg",
      "destination": "image",
      "disposition": "enforce",
      "type": "corp"
    },
    "type": "coep",
    "url": "https://dummy.example/",
    "user_agent": "Mozilla/5.0... Chrome/92.0.4504.0"
  }
]
```

{% endDetails %}

> {% Aside %} Note:
> 
> - In the new Reporting API (v1), thee browser only batches together reports in the same
>   request if they are generated by the same document (page). Reports are not sent in the
>   same request if they come from different origins, or even different documents on the
>   same origin such as different pages on the same website. Learn more in the [migration
>   guide](/reporting-api-migration).
> - In the new Reporting API, reports are scoped to **documents**. This means that for one
>   given origin, different documents (`site.example/page1` and `site.example/page2`) can
>   send reports to different endpoints. If you're migrating from the legacy Reporting API
>   to the new Reporting API, check the [migration guide](/reporting-api-migration).
> - Reports are sent with a delay to increase the chances that reports are sent in batches.
>   This saves bandwidth to be respectful to the user's network connection. This is
>   especially important on mobile.
> 
> {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %} 
- In the new Reporting API (v1), thee browser only batches together reports in the same
  request if they are generated by the same document (page). Reports are not sent in the
  same request if they come from different origins, or even different documents on the
  same origin such as different pages on the same website. Learn more in the [migration
  guide](/reporting-api-migration).
- In the new Reporting API, reports are scoped to **documents**. This means that for one
  given origin, different documents (`site.example/page1` and `site.example/page2`) can
  send reports to different endpoints. If you're migrating from the legacy Reporting API
  to the new Reporting API, check the [migration guide](/reporting-api-migration).
- Reports are sent with a delay to increase the chances that reports are sent in batches.
  This saves bandwidth to be respectful to the user's network connection. This is
  especially important on mobile.

{% endAside %}
```

## Reports you get

Let's assume that you've set up `Reporting-Endpoints` and a few policies on your page.

✅ Reports that are generated due to violations of these policies (or deprecations) on your
page will be sent to the endpoint(s) you've configured. This includes violations committed
by **third-party scripts** running on your page.

> ❌ Violations committed by a **cross-origin iframe** on your page will **not** be reported

Reviewer: Again, emoji weirdness for screen readers. It reads as "Cross mark violations committed by a cross origin iframe" which could be confusing. I think it's best to not use emoji in this way in our technical docs and limit the use to what makes sense "semantically" rather than just visually. (Not saying you shouldn't use emoji at all!)

Author: SG, removed these emojis. Thanks for checking!

to your endpoint(s), to ensure privacy. The iframe could set up its own reporting and even

> report to your site's (i.e. the first-party's) reporting service, but that's a decision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
report to your site's (that is, the first-party's) reporting service, but that's a decision
```

that the framed site would have to make.

{% Aside 'gotchas' %}

> In Chrome DevTools, you'll see a console error or warning pop up for violations that are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Chrome DevTools, you'll see a console error or warning pop-up for violations that are
```

committed by third-party script but also by third-party iframes.

{% endAside %}

## Browser support

The table below sums up browser support for the **Reporting API v1**, that is with the
`Reporting-Endpoints` header. Browser support for the legacy Reporting API (`Report-To`
header) is the same, except for one report type: Network Error Logging isn't supported in
the new Reporting API. Read the [migration
guide](/reporting-api-migration/#network-error-logging) for details.

> <div class="w-table-wrapper">

Reviewer: I'll come back to this table formatting after I talk to Rob. Ideally, it would use only Yes/No in text and highlight the cells in green/red.

Author: SG! LMK when you have an update on this.
Side note: one thing I was looking at when preparing this table was [this example in the handbook](https://web.dev/handbook/web-dev-components/#:~:text=if%20you%20want%20content%20in) with the crosses and checks. IIUC it just happens to be a yes/no table, the reason it's in the handbook is to illustrate something else (alignment).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9762897/122388343-175a1b00-cf70-11eb-86d2-bd83d39f4471.png)

If yes/no tables are common, an example in the handbook on how to do these right would be super helpful!

Reviewer: Thanks for bringing this to my attention, I'm gonna need to do a through review of use of tables on the site. 👷🏻‍♀️

[`Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only),
[`Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy-Report-Only`](https://web.dev/coop-coep/#group) and
[`Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy-Report-Only`](https://web.dev/coop-coep/#group). Both the
main headers and their `Report-Only` variant are configured using `report-to`. Once
`report-to` is configured, you need to specify endpoints.

Do so by using the Reporting API headers⏤preferably, the new header `Reporting-Endpoints`
(Reporting API v1) instead of the legacy one `Report-To` (v0). CSP has its own
specificities with `report-uri`. See details in the [migration
guide](/reporting-api-migration).

{% Aside %} One example where `...-Report-Only` headers are useful: let's assume you have
a CSP set up for your site. You plan on tightening up your site's security by making your
CSP stricter. Instead of directly deploying this new, stricter CSP, you first deploy it in
`Report-Only` mode. This helps you monitor what your CSP _could have broken_ and tweak it,
instead of actually inducing breakage for your end-users. {% endAside %}

> ### ReportingObserver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ReportingObserver`
```

Author: Cool TIL, I thought `` couldn't be used in headings.

You may want to monitor your site but have no possibility to set headers on your server.

> In that case, use [ReportingObserver](/reporting-observer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, use [`ReportingObserver`](/reporting-observer).
```

This JavaScript API can observe simple client-side warnings like deprecation and
intervention. It does not support other types of errors, like CSP or COOP/COEP violations.

This API is also useful in case you need to react to violations in real-time.

## How-to: Configure report sending

> ### Configure the Reporting-Endpoints header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure the `Reporting-Endpoints` header
```

```http
Reporting-Endpoints: main-endpoint="https://reports.example/main", default="https://reports.example/default"
```

If you're migrating from the legacy Reporting API to the new Reporting API, it may make
sense to configure **both** `Reporting-Endpoints` and `Report-To`. See details in the
[migration guide](/reporting-api-migration/#migration-steps).

```http
Reporting-Endpoints: main-endpoint="https://reports.example/main", default="https://reports.example/default"
Report-To: ...
```

> **Note:** If you're using reporting for **Content-Security-Policy** violations via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you're using reporting for `Content-Security-Policy` violations via the
```

reports are sent to the default endpoint.

By contrast, the **other report types** are generated only if an **explicit policy** is
set up. They'll be sent to the endpoint that's specified by the policy via the `report-to`
directive.

{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %} Getting the syntax right for declaration can be tricky,
because not all policies use the same header structure. Depending on the policy, the right
syntax may be `report-to=main-endpoint` or `report-to main-endpoint`. Head over to the
[demo](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reporting-api-demo?path=server.js%3A1%3A0) for code
examples. {% endBanner %}

### Example code

<div class="glitch-embed-wrap" style="height: 420px; width: 100%;">
  <iframe
    src="https://glitch.com/embed/#!/embed/reporting-api-demo?path=server.js&previewSize=0"
    title="Reporting API demo on Glitch"
    allow="geolocation; microphone; camera; midi; vr; encrypted-media"
    style="height: 100%; width: 100%; border: 0;">
  </iframe>
</div>

## How-to: Receive reports

When deciding where to send your reports, you have two options:

- Option 1: Use an existing report collector service.
- Option 2: Build and operate your own reporting collector.

> **Also note that can set multiple endpoints**. This can be handy to separate reports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Also note that you can set multiple endpoints**. This can be handy to separate reports:
```

- Maybe your analytics provider takes care of some kinds of reports, and you have an
  in-house solution for the others.
- Maybe you want to route these reports to different endpoints, depending on their type:
  `endpoint.example/coop` `endpoint.example/csp` `endpoint.example/default`

### Option 1: Use an existing report collector service

Some examples of report collector services are [report-uri](https://report-uri.com) and
[uriports](https://uriports.com). If you know of other solutions, please [open an
issue](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/issues) to let us know, and we'll update
this post!

> **🧐 Things to consider when selecting a report collector as a service:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Things to consider when selecting a report collector as a service** 🧐 
```
Works better this way when emoji is not before text. I can allow this! 🤓

- Does this collector support all report types? For example, some reporting endpoint
  solutions support COOP/COEP reports, but not all do.
- Does the pricing work for you?
- Is it OK to share your application's URLs with a third-party report collector? Even if
  the browser strips sensitive information from these URLs, it's possible that sensitive
  information [gets leaked this way](https://w3c.github.io/reporting/#capability-urls). If
  this sounds too risky for your application, operate your own reporting endpoint.

### Option 2: Build your own report collector

Building your own server that receives reports isn't that trivial. To get started, you can
use our lightweight boilerplate. It's built with express and can receive and display
reports.

> - Head over to the [boilerplate report
>   collector](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint)
> - Click **Remix to edit**
> - You now have your clone ✨ You can customize it for your own purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head over to the [boilerplate report
  collector](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint).
- {% Instruction 'remix' %}
3. You now have your clone! You can customize it for your own purposes.
```

Reviewer: Tip: Use [instructions components](https://web.dev/handbook/web-dev-components/#instructions) for Glitch instructions (helps with doc maintenance when Glitch changes UI). Also, use numbered lists for steps.

> **🧐 Things to consider when building your own report collector:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Things to consider when building your own report collector** 🧐 
```

- If your endpoint URL lives on a different origin than your site, the endpoint should
  support [CORS preflight
  requests](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Preflight_request).
- To recognize reports requests sent by the browser to your endpoint, check for `POST`
  requests with a `Content-Type` of `application/reports+json`.

> Our boilerplate report collector linked above does both these things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our boilerplate report collector linked above does both of these things.
```

## How-to: Debug your reporting setup

### Generating reports

When debugging, you may want to intentionally violate your policies in order to trigger
report sending. To see example code that violates policies and does other bad things that
will trigger reports of all types, check out the [demo](#demo-and-code).

### Saving time

Reports may be sent with a delay, up to a minute, to preserve user experience. But when

> debugging, a minute is a long time 😴. Luckily, when debugging in Chrome, you can launch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
debugging, a minute is a long time. 😴 Luckily, when debugging in Chrome, you can launch
```

it with `--short-reporting-delay` to receive reports almost immediately. Run this command
in your terminal:

```bash

> path/to/executable/Chrome --short-reporting-delay

Reviewer: ```suggestion
YOUR_PATH/TO/EXECUTABLE/Chrome --short-reporting-delay
```

Reviewer: Trying to highlight that this is a placeholder path

[uriports](https://uriports.com). If you know of other solutions, please [open an
issue](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web.dev/issues) to let us know, and we'll update
this post!

**Things to consider when selecting a report collector as a service** 🧐

- Does this collector support all report types? For example, some reporting endpoint
  solutions support COOP/COEP reports, but not all do.
- Does the pricing work for you?
- Is it OK to share your application's URLs with a third-party report collector? Even if
  the browser strips sensitive information from these URLs, it's possible that sensitive
  information [gets leaked this way](https://w3c.github.io/reporting/#capability-urls). If
  this sounds too risky for your application, operate your own reporting endpoint.

### Option 2: Build your own report collector

Building your own server that receives reports isn't that trivial. To get started, you can
use our lightweight boilerplate. It's built with express and can receive and display
reports.

1. Head over to the [boilerplate report
   collector](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint).

> - {% Instruction 'remix' %}

Author: @mihajlija Great tip!

```

This post covers what this API can do, how it works, and how you can use it.

Let's dive in!

## Demo and code

💥 [Demo site: report generation page](https://reporting-api-demo.glitch.me). This page
uses the new Reporting API via the `Reporting-Endpoints` header. See the
[code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reporting-api-demo).

📬 [Demo site: reporting endpoint](https://reports-endpoint.glitch.me). This server
receives and displays reports. See the
[code](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/reports-endpoint).

## Use cases and report types

{% Banner 'caution', 'body' %}

[Network Error Logging](https://w3c.github.io/network-error-logging/) isn't listed because it isn't supported in the new version of
the API. Check the [migration guide](/reporting-api-migration/#network-error-logging) for details.

{% endBanner %}

<div class="w-table-wrapper">
  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Report type</th>
        <th>Example of a situation where a report would be generated</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP">CSP</a> violation (Level 3 only)</td>

>         <td>You've set a <code>Content-Security-Policy</code> on your site, but one of your pages is trying to load a script that's not allowed by your CSP.</td>

Reviewer 2: I think a CSP is set against a page rather than a site, so `one of your pages` is somewhat confusing statement. I'd rephrase it to `You've set a <code>Content-Security-Policy</code> on one of your pages, but the page is trying to load a script that's not allowed by your CSP.`

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="/why-coop-coep/#coop">COOP</a> violation</td>

>         <td>You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy</code> on your site, but a cross-origin window is trying to interact directly with your document.</td>

Reviewer 2: Similar to above comment: I'd rephrase it to `You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy</code> on the page, but a cross-origin window is trying to interact directly with the document.`

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="/why-coop-coep/#coep">COEP</a> violation</td>

>         <td>You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy</code> on your site, but a page on your site includes a cross-origin iframe that has not opted into being loaded by cross-origin documents.</td>

Reviewer 2: Similar to above comment: I'd rephrase it to `You've set a <code>Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy</code> on a page, but it includes a cross-origin iframe that has not opted into being loaded by cross-origin documents.`

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Document Policy violation</td>

>         <td>Your site has a document policy that prevents usage of <code>document.write</code>, but a script on your page tries to use <code>document.write</code>.</td>

Reviewer 2: `Your site has a document policy that prevents usage of <code>document.write</code>, but a script on your page tries to use <code>document.write</code>.`
```suggestion
        <td>The page has a document policy that prevents usage of <code>document.write</code>, but a script tries to use <code>document.write</code>.</td>
```

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Deprecation warning</td>

>         <td>Your site is using an API that is deprecated, directly or via a top-level third-party script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <td>The page is using an API that is deprecated, directly or via a top-level third-party script.
```

        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>Intervention</td>

>         <td>Your site is trying to do something that the browser decides not to honor, for security, performance or user experience reasons. Example in Chrome: your site uses <a href="https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/08/removing-document-write"><code>document.write</code> on slow networks</a> or uses <code>navigator.vibrate</code> in a cross-origin frame that the user hasn't interacted with yet.</td>

Reviewer 2: This one I'm not sure if it applies to the site or the page.

Author: Thanks Eiji. I've included the suggestions. I'll check.
